add notes for n25957 (#554)
bitcoin-core-review-club/website: _posts/2022-09-07-#25957.md

commit:
---

## Notes

- This PR is a re-attempt of [PR 15845](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/15845)
from 2019, which was closed without being merged. PR 15845 was the
subject of an earlier [review club](https://bitcoincore.reviews/15845).

> - Please see the notes for that review club meeting, as they apply here too.

Reviewer: Could use the notes here to highlight the differences between 15845 and 25957?

Reviewer 2: +1, at least describe descriptors

## Questions
1. Did you review the PR?

> [Concept ACK, approach ACK, tested ACK, or NACK](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#peer-review)?

Reviewer 2: Since this is motivated by performance, one of the questions should ask attendees to benchmark and observe how significant the improvement is.

> 1. Why would a node operator enable BIP 158 filters (`-blockfilterindex=1`)? Does this PR affect the motivation?

Reviewer 2: Maybe mention BIP158 vs 157 in the notes, otherwise it's a bit confusing?

1. What downsides, if any, are there to enabling BIP 158 filters?

> 1. What is the advantage of descriptor wallets compared to legacy wallets, especially w.r.t. the creation of the filter set?

Reviewer: Less abbreviations is usually more clear, especially for not super common ones (like e.g. or i.e. which I think is fine)
```suggestion
1. What is the advantage of descriptor wallets compared to legacy wallets, especially with regards to the creation of the filter set?
```

(Hint: what exact type of data do we need to put into the filter set?)
1. On a new descriptor wallet with default settings (i.e. 'keypoolsize=1000'), how many elements would we need to put the filter set?

> (Hint: how many descriptors are created by default? can be simply tried out via the listdescriptors RPC)

Reviewer: Slightly more natural phrasing imo:
```suggestion
(Hint: the [`listdescriptors` RPC](https://bitcoincore.org/en/doc/22.0.0/rpc/wallet/listdescriptors/) can be used to count the number of descriptors created)
```

> 1. What is the difference between active and non-active descriptors (and `DescriptorScriptPubKeyMans`, respectively)

Reviewer: Are you asking to compare active vs non-active vs DescriptorScriptPubKeyMans? Or active vs non-active and active vs DescriptorScriptPubKeyMans? A bit confused by the parentheses and the respectively.

Reviewer 2: Link to the members/functions in question; this helps disambiguate and encourages/aids attendees to find the answer in the code.

and why does this distinction matter for this PR?

> 1. What was the flaw of an earlier version of this PR and how do we solve that?

Reviewer: Would refer to 15845 specifically if that's the one you mean.

Reviewer 2: The notes should contain some information about why the older PR was abandoned, especially if it's a question. Alternatively, just link to the discussion as a hint for this question.
